Added reference, converted to tables, added defaults (#6081)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/pgd-settings.mdx

Sets the maximum allowed duration of idle time in a transaction holding a global
lock (default is 10 minutes). A value of zero disables this timeout.

### `bdr.lock_table_locking`

> Defaults to `off`. When enabled PGD treats every lock as a global DML lock. This makes the entire cluster wait for the lock to be released. This setting is useful for debugging and testing purposes.

Author: ```suggestion
Defaults to `off`. This configuration option sets locking behavior for LOCK TABLE Statement; when enabled, LOCK TABLE statement will also take a global DML lock on the cluster, blocking other locking statements. It's useful for debugging and testing purposes.
```

> Defaults to `off`. When enabled PGD treats every lock as a global DML lock. This makes the entire cluster wait for the lock to be released. This setting is useful for debugging and testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to off. This configuration option sets locking behavior for LOCK TABLE Statement; when enabled, LOCK TABLE statement will also take a global DML lock on the cluster, blocking other locking statements.
```
